README.md, before:

# The Pancake Palace
Welcome to the Pancake Palace! The resturant with the best pancakes in Stockholm!


## Table of Content
1. [Introduction](#Introduction)
2. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
3. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    2. [User Requrements and Expectations](#user-requrements-and-expectations)
    3. [User Stories](#user-stories)
4. [Features](#Features)
    1. [Favicon](#Favicon)
    2. [Navigation bar](#Navigation-bar)
    3. [Lowernav](#Lower-nav)
    4. [Footer](#Footer)
5. [Design](#design)
    1. [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    2. [Colour](#colours)
    3. [Fonts](#fonts)
    4. [Structure](#structure)
    5. [Wireframes](#wireframes)    
6. [Technologies](#Technologies)
7. [Pages](#Pages)
    1. [Home](#Home)
    2. [Menu](#Menu)
    3. [About](#About)
    4. [Map](#map)
8. [Features](#features)
9. [Testing](#validation)
    1. [HTML Validation](#HTML-validation)
    2. [CSS Validation](#CSS-validation)
    3. [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    4. [Performance](#performance)
    5. [Device Devices](#Devices)
    6. [Functional Testing](#Functional-Testing)
10. [Bugs](#Bugs)
11. [Credits](#credits)
12. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)


## Introduction

The Pancake Palace is located in the public resturant of the castle in Stockholm Sweden, We have been voted the best pancakes in stockholm for 5 years in a row!


## Project Goals

### User Goals

* Finding a restaurant that offers a nice atmosphere and good food.
* Find information about the restaurant.
* Find the location of the restaurant.

### Site Owner Goals

* Increase the number of customers.
* Promote the bussines.
* Provide a way for new and existing customers to contact the buissnes.
* Provide essential information about the bussines to customers.

## User Experience

### Target Audience
* People looking for a place to eat
* Tourists looking for a place to eat

### User Requirements and Expectations

* A simple and intuitive navigation system
* Quickly and easily find relevant information
* Links and functions that work as expected
* Accessibility
* A siple way to contact the bussines

### User Stories

1. As a first time user, I want to know where the restaurant is located
2. As a first time user, I want to get a feel of what to expect at the restaurant


## Features

### Favicon
* A favicon has been implemented with the resturant logo and can be seen in the nav for each page
* This will allow the users to identify the website when they have multiple websites open

![Readme_images](Assets/Readme_images/Faviconreadme.png)

### Navigation bar

* Navigation Bar for telephones and Tablets.
* Provides user friendly navigation to enchance the user navigation and experience across various devices.

For mobile phone

For tablet, desktops and laptops


### Lower nav 

* Includes a lower navigation section with opening hours, location, newsletter and contact information.
* Offers essential information and enhancing user experience and facilitating easy communication with the business.

![lower nav](Assets/Readme_images/phonenav.PNG)

![lower nav-tablet](Assets/Readme_images/tabletnav.PNG)

![Lower nav laptop and desktop](Assets/Readme_images/computernav.PNG)


### Footer
* Contains icons linked to social media websites.
* Encourages social media engagement and interaction, extending the reach of the resturant.

![Socials bar](Assets/Readme_images/social.PNG)



## Technologies

* HTML
    * The structure of the Website was developed using HTML as the main language.
* CSS
    * The Website was styled using custom CSS in an external file.
* Gitpod
    * The site was developed with Gitpod IDE
* GitHub
    * Source code is hosted on GitHub and deployed using Git Pages.
* Git 
    * Used to commit and push code during the development opf the Website
* Font Awesome
    * Icons obtained from https://fontawesome.com/ were used as the Social media links in the footer section. 
* Favicon.io
    * favicon files were created at https://favicon.io/logo-generator/


## Pages

### Home

* A home page with a beutiful picture that show that we serve pancakes, with a quick greeting and a modest statement.

![homepage](Assets/Readme_images/homepage.PNG)


### Menu 

* A menu page with an abstract picture that shows you what you can order.
* Menu that has diffrent options ranging from Buffé to swedish classics.

![menu](Assets/Readme_images/menupicture.PNG)

### About

* A small text about the family business when we opend how many we served and a greeting

![about](Assets/Readme_images/resturant.PNG)

### Map

* Shows the restaurant location on an embeded Google Map

![map](Assets/Readme_images/map.PNG)


## Validation

### HTML-Validation
The W3C Markup Validation Service was used to validate the HTML of the website.
<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/validationhtml.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/validationmenu.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/validationabout.PNG">>
</details>


### CSS-Validation
The W3C Jigsaw CSS Validation Service was used to validate the CSS of the website.
<details><summary>style.css</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/css validation.PNG">
</details>

### Accessibility
The WAVE WebAIM web accessibility evaluation tool was used to ensure the website met high accessibility standards. All pages pass with 0 errors.
<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

### Performance 
Google Lighthouse in Google Chrome Developer Tools was used to test the performance of the website. 

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/Lighthouse-home.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/Lighthouse-menu.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/Lighthouse-about.PNG">
</details>

### Devices


### Functional Testing

| Test                                          | Steps                                    | Expected                    | Actual |
| --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------- | ------ |
| Nav links to correct pages                    | Press home/Our Menu/Aboutus              | Opens correct page          | Pass   |
| Phone number link calls out, Phone and Tablet | Press the phonenumber on phone or tablet | Calls out                   | Pass   |
| Email Link on phone and Tablet                | Press email link on phone or tablet      | Opens Email provider        | Pass   |
| Social Media links                            | Press icons for Socialmedia platforms    | Opens new tab for each link | Pass   |


## Acknowledgements

Commit message:

Added returning user to readme

README.md, after:

# The Pancake Palace
Welcome to the Pancake Palace! The resturant with the best pancakes in Stockholm!


## Table of Content
1. [Introduction](#Introduction)
2. [Project Goals](#project-goals)
    1. [User Goals](#user-goals)
    2. [Site Owner Goals](#site-owner-goals)
3. [User Experience](#user-experience)
    1. [Target Audience](#target-audience)
    2. [User Requrements and Expectations](#user-requrements-and-expectations)
    3. [User Stories](#user-stories)
4. [Features](#Features)
    1. [Favicon](#Favicon)
    2. [Navigation bar](#Navigation-bar)
    3. [Lowernav](#Lower-nav)
    4. [Footer](#Footer)
5. [Design](#design)
    1. [Design Choices](#design-choices)
    2. [Colour](#colours)
    3. [Fonts](#fonts)
    4. [Structure](#structure)
    5. [Wireframes](#wireframes)    
6. [Technologies](#Technologies)
7. [Pages](#Pages)
    1. [Home](#Home)
    2. [Menu](#Menu)
    3. [About](#About)
    4. [Map](#map)
8. [Features](#features)
9. [Testing](#validation)
    1. [HTML Validation](#HTML-validation)
    2. [CSS Validation](#CSS-validation)
    3. [Accessibility](#accessibility)
    4. [Performance](#performance)
    5. [Device Devices](#Devices)
    6. [Functional Testing](#Functional-Testing)
10. [Bugs](#Bugs)
11. [Credits](#credits)
12. [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)


## Introduction

The Pancake Palace is located in the public resturant of the castle in Stockholm Sweden, We have been voted the best pancakes in stockholm for 5 years in a row!


## Project Goals

### User Goals

* Finding a restaurant that offers a nice atmosphere and good food.
* Find information about the restaurant.
* Find the location of the restaurant.

### Site Owner Goals

* Increase the number of customers.
* Promote the bussines.
* Provide a way for new and existing customers to contact the buissnes.
* Provide essential information about the bussines to customers.

## User Experience

### Target Audience
* People looking for a place to eat
* Tourists looking for a place to eat

### User Requirements and Expectations

* A simple and intuitive navigation system
* Quickly and easily find relevant information
* Links and functions that work as expected
* Accessibility
* A siple way to contact the bussines

#### User Stories

1. As a first time user, I want to know where the restaurant is located
2. As a first time user, I want to get a feel of what to expect at the restaurant

#### Returning User

3. As a returnign user, I want to know the opening times
4. As a returning user, I want to find a phone number to call for reservation
5. As a returning user, I want to see the menu
6. As a returning user, I want to find the restaurant on social media
7. As a returning user, I want to get directions to the restaurant


## Features

### Favicon
* A favicon has been implemented with the resturant logo and can be seen in the nav for each page
* This will allow the users to identify the website when they have multiple websites open

![Readme_images](Assets/Readme_images/Faviconreadme.png)

### Navigation bar

* Navigation Bar for telephones and Tablets.
* Provides user friendly navigation to enchance the user navigation and experience across various devices.

For mobile phone

For tablet, desktops and laptops


### Lower nav 

* Includes a lower navigation section with opening hours, location, newsletter and contact information.
* Offers essential information and enhancing user experience and facilitating easy communication with the business.

![lower nav](Assets/Readme_images/phonenav.PNG)

![lower nav-tablet](Assets/Readme_images/tabletnav.PNG)

![Lower nav laptop and desktop](Assets/Readme_images/computernav.PNG)


### Footer
* Contains icons linked to social media websites.
* Encourages social media engagement and interaction, extending the reach of the resturant.

![Socials bar](Assets/Readme_images/social.PNG)



## Technologies

* HTML
    * The structure of the Website was developed using HTML as the main language.
* CSS
    * The Website was styled using custom CSS in an external file.
* Gitpod
    * The site was developed with Gitpod IDE
* GitHub
    * Source code is hosted on GitHub and deployed using Git Pages.
* Git 
    * Used to commit and push code during the development opf the Website
* Font Awesome
    * Icons obtained from https://fontawesome.com/ were used as the Social media links in the footer section. 
* Favicon.io
    * favicon files were created at https://favicon.io/logo-generator/


## Pages

### Home

* A home page with a beutiful picture that show that we serve pancakes, with a quick greeting and a modest statement.

![homepage](Assets/Readme_images/homepage.PNG)


### Menu 

* A menu page with an abstract picture that shows you what you can order.
* Menu that has diffrent options ranging from Buffé to swedish classics.

![menu](Assets/Readme_images/menupicture.PNG)

### About

* A small text about the family business when we opend how many we served and a greeting

![about](Assets/Readme_images/resturant.PNG)

### Map

* Shows the restaurant location on an embeded Google Map

![map](Assets/Readme_images/map.PNG)


## Validation

### HTML-Validation
The W3C Markup Validation Service was used to validate the HTML of the website.
<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/validationhtml.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/validationmenu.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/validationabout.PNG">>
</details>


### CSS-Validation
The W3C Jigsaw CSS Validation Service was used to validate the CSS of the website.
<details><summary>style.css</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/css validation.PNG">
</details>

### Accessibility
The WAVE WebAIM web accessibility evaluation tool was used to ensure the website met high accessibility standards. All pages pass with 0 errors.
<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="">
</details>

### Performance 
Google Lighthouse in Google Chrome Developer Tools was used to test the performance of the website. 

<details><summary>Home</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/Lighthouse-home.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>Menu</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/Lighthouse-menu.PNG">
</details>
<details><summary>About</summary>
<img src="Assets/Readme_images/Lighthouse-about.PNG">
</details>

### Devices


### Functional Testing

| Test                                          | Steps                                    | Expected                    | Actual |
| --------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------- | --------------------------- | ------ |
| Nav links to correct pages                    | Press home/Our Menu/Aboutus              | Opens correct page          | Pass   |
| Phone number link calls out, Phone and Tablet | Press the phonenumber on phone or tablet | Calls out                   | Pass   |
| Email Link on phone and Tablet                | Press email link on phone or tablet      | Opens Email provider        | Pass   |
| Social Media links                            | Press icons for Socialmedia platforms    | Opens new tab for each link | Pass   |


## Acknowledgements
